Hey, haven't you seen his naked body?
I heard he's going to dance for the owner
Shut up! Stop
This is the place of the Dragon Palace, how dare you run wild here
Our Wanting can become the plaything of the owner of the dragon shop
That is the virtue accumulated by our Ye family in our previous life
It's not your turn, an outsider, to come forward
Dragon Shop Shoppers Return Banquet starts now
The boy will settle the bill with you later, let's go in.
Distinguished guests
Welcome to the return of the Dragon Palace Lord's profession
Lord Dragon Palace waited for a long time after Mulian
Here we go.
Please place your gifts under the magnolia
I was appreciated.
The shopkeeper will uncover the wood lotus
A glimpse of the shopkeeper
This is a map of thousands of miles of rivers and mountains.
Please accept it with a smile.
This is a seven-star copper furnace knife.
Sharp
Enough gold fasting
Please accept it with a smile.
This is top-quality agate.
Hope the owner accepts it with a smile
This one, one by one.
When can I let Shen Tian give up the sky?
A pile of broken copper money
Isn't there anyone who contributes beautiful women?
Don't you know that the palace lord loves beauties?
I have. I know the owner loves beautiful women
Therefore, the peerless beauty of Sage River Castle stops at night